Selected Features:
demog_1
city_tier
occupation
demog_5
demog_21
others_1
others_2
others_5
others_7
others_9
others_11
others_23
others_25
others_26
demog_23
demog_26
demog_32
others_36
email_domain
demog_40
account_opening_month
account_opening_year

 
 
 parameters
cv: 5
direction: forward
estimator__bootstrap: True
estimator__ccp_alpha: 0.0
estimator__class_weight: None
estimator__criterion: gini
estimator__max_depth: None
estimator__max_features: sqrt
estimator__max_leaf_nodes: None
estimator__max_samples: None
estimator__min_impurity_decrease: 0.0
estimator__min_samples_leaf: 1
estimator__min_samples_split: 2
estimator__min_weight_fraction_leaf: 0.0
estimator__monotonic_cst: None
estimator__n_estimators: 100
estimator__n_jobs: None
estimator__oob_score: False
estimator__random_state: 42
estimator__verbose: 0
estimator__warm_start: False
estimator: RandomForestClassifier(random_state=42)
n_features_to_select: auto
n_jobs: None
scoring: f1_macro
tol: None
