Selected Features:
country_code
demog_6
demog_7
demog_9
demog_11
demog_12
demog_14
demog_15
demog_16
demog_19
demog_21
others_5
others_9
others_12
others_14
others_18
others_19
others_20
others_21
others_23
others_24
others_27
demog_23
demog_25
demog_27
demog_28
demog_29
demog_31
demog_34
demog_35
demog_37
demog_38
others_33
others_36
others_38
others_40
others_41
demog_39
email_domain
demog_40
demog_41
demog_42
account_opening_month

 
 
parameters
cv: 5
direction: forward
estimator__objective: binary:logistic
estimator__base_score: None
estimator__booster: None
estimator__callbacks: None
estimator__colsample_bylevel: None
estimator__colsample_bynode: None
estimator__colsample_bytree: None
estimator__device: cuda
estimator__early_stopping_rounds: None
estimator__enable_categorical: False
estimator__eval_metric: logloss
estimator__feature_types: None
estimator__gamma: None
estimator__grow_policy: None
estimator__importance_type: None
estimator__interaction_constraints: None
estimator__learning_rate: None
estimator__max_bin: None
estimator__max_cat_threshold: None
estimator__max_cat_to_onehot: None
estimator__max_delta_step: None
estimator__max_depth: None
estimator__max_leaves: None
estimator__min_child_weight: None
estimator__missing: nan
estimator__monotone_constraints: None
estimator__multi_strategy: None
estimator__n_estimators: None
estimator__n_jobs: None
estimator__num_parallel_tree: None
estimator__random_state: None
estimator__reg_alpha: None
estimator__reg_lambda: None
estimator__sampling_method: None
estimator__scale_pos_weight: None
estimator__subsample: None
estimator__tree_method: None
estimator__validate_parameters: None
estimator__verbosity: None
estimator: XGBClassifier(base_score=None, booster=None, callbacks=None,
              colsample_bylevel=None, colsample_bynode=None,
              colsample_bytree=None, device='cuda', early_stopping_rounds=None,
              enable_categorical=False, eval_metric='logloss',
              feature_types=None, gamma=None, grow_policy=None,
              importance_type=None, interaction_constraints=None,
              learning_rate=None, max_bin=None, max_cat_threshold=None,
              max_cat_to_onehot=None, max_delta_step=None, max_depth=None,
              max_leaves=None, min_child_weight=None, missing=nan,
              monotone_constraints=None, multi_strategy=None, n_estimators=None,
              n_jobs=None, num_parallel_tree=None, random_state=None, ...)
n_features_to_select: auto
n_jobs: -1
scoring: f1_macro
tol: None
